Update gitignore faq with correct steps (#3476)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/git/version-control-basics.md

## The .gitignore file

> For proper operation, dbt Cloud requires that certain sub-folders in the git repository that contains your dbt project be excluded from tracking by git.

Author: ```suggestion
To make sure dbt Cloud runs smoothly, you must exclude certain sub-folders in your git repository containing your dbt project from being tracked by git.
```

This is achieved by adding three lines to a special file named [.gitignore](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-starter-project/blob/main/.gitignore). This file is placed in the root folder of your dbt project.

> Some git providers will auto-create a 'boilerplate' `.gitignore` file when the repository is created.  However, in dbt Labs' experience, none of these boilerplate `.gitignore` files will contain the entries necessary for the proper operation of dbt Cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
Some git providers will auto-create a 'boilerplate' `.gitignore` file when the repository is created.  However, based on dbt Labs' experience, these default `.gitignore` files typically don't include the required entries for dbt Cloud to function correctly.
```

## The .gitignore file

To make sure dbt Cloud runs smoothly, you must exclude certain sub-folders in your git repository containing your dbt project from being tracked by git. You can achieve this by adding three lines to a special file named [.gitignore](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-starter-project/blob/main/.gitignore). This file is placed in the root folder of your dbt project.

Some git providers will automatically create a 'boilerplate' `.gitignore` file when the repository is created.  However, based on dbt Labs' experience, these default `.gitignore` files typically don't include the required entries for dbt Cloud to function correctly.

The `.gitignore` file can include unrelated files and folders if the code repository requires it. However, the following folders must be included in the `gitignore` file to ensure dbt Cloud operates smoothly:

```
dbt_packages/
logs/
target/
```

**Note** &mdash; By using a trailing slash, these lines in the `gitignore` file serve as 'folder wildcards', excluding all files and folders within those folders from being tracked by git. 

> :::tip

Author: ```suggestion
:::note
```
